# Microsoft
Cloud computing is useful because:
- it's cheap
- it's flexible

<!-- toc -->
## Farmbeats
collect data through drones, physical sensors placed in the field.

Farmbeats aims to use this data to help farmers.
Main issues:
- unreliable connectivity
- no electric power in the field

They transmitted in a frequency close to TV's one, but still not used (TV white space).

### Challege: limited resources
drones have a good return of investement, because they can cover large areas quickly, collect visual data
They also combined visual data from drone with the data from sensors

They collected data through low cost aerial images TYE
They integrated this with sparse data assuming that the changes in terrain are gradual

> Check services of farmbeats

### Service characteristics
They have large data, ~ 15G visual data & ~70K sensors data every day

Variable latencies: from seconds for sensors to days for variability analysis.

They use multiple connetion protocols (MQTT, FTP, TCP)

> Check farmbeats gateway

They use a pc as gateway to collect the data

### Deplyment
- DJI Drones
- Particle photons as sensors
- IP cameras

Wanted to monitor the cows (bounding box -> classification), create precise moisture map (sparse data -> interpolation)

## Blockchain
A tool to reach shared consensus over faulty networks.
Data cannot be updated, just appended

### Bitcoin
decentralized curency
New bitcoins are generated by miners through solving very hard cryptographic puzzles (proof of work). The network continuously monitors the tie required for the proof of work to be computed and keeps it constant at 10 minutes by scaling the difficulty.

### Advantages
Secure
Shared
Distributed
Ledger

### Types
- public: open to everybody, consensun by proof of work
- private: centralized write permission, multiple algorithms for consensus
- consortium: write requires consensus of several participants

### Evolution
Smart contracts allow you to put any kind of information on the chain. You can even put software on the blockchain, but it has 2 big limitations: you cannot get information from the outside nor remove the software from the blockchain.

### Microsoft dream
Microsoft is trying to advance the smart contracts creating cryptlets which should be able to access external data securely, while mantaining the integrity of the blockchain. 
They want to do this by adding multiple layers above the blockchain.

Project Bletchley

Microsoft would like to abstract away the blockchain structure.